DOCSP-34571 Add example projects page to Readme (#9)
mongodb/atlas-app-services-examples: README.md

Currently the Atlas App Services examples just contains examples of [Atlas Triggers](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/triggers/),
which you can find in the [triggers-examples folder](./triggers-examples).

> For example projects featuring Atlas App Services with Atlas Device SDK, see the `Atlas Device SDK Example Projects page <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/example-projects/>`.

Reviewer: I wonder if we want to give a little more info about what devs will find if they go to this page? Maybe something like:

```suggestion
For a wide range of example projects showing common development patterns and use cases, see the `Atlas Device SDK Example Projects page <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/example-projects/>`.
```
